
Bank of America logo
Auto loans
to fit your needs
 
Competitive,
fixed rates	Lock in
your rate	Know before
you go
	Know your rate and how much you can afford.
	Give yourself time with our 30‑day rate lock guarantee.1
	Get a quick response after applying with our easy, no‑fee application.
Apply now
Apply for a Bank of America®
auto loan today

Estimate your monthly payment
with our auto loan calculator.

Conveniently manage your auto loan
with Online and Mobile Banking.2
BANK OF AMERICA
Preferred Rewards
Up to an additional .50% discount for
Preferred Rewards members3
Apply now
Questions?
We’re here to help.
Make an appointment to speak with a loan specialist
 
or give us a call at
 
844.485.5445.

1	Rate valid for 30 days from the date of original application submission.

2	Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.

3	To enroll in the Preferred Rewards program you must have an active, eligible personal checking account with Bank of America® and maintain the balance required for one of the balance tiers in your combined qualifying Bank of America deposit accounts (such as checking, savings, certificate of deposit) and/or your Merrill investment accounts (such as Cash Management Accounts, 529 Plans). You can satisfy the combined balance requirement for enrollment with either:

i. 	a three‑month combined average daily balance in your qualifying deposit and investment accounts or

ii. 	a current combined balance, provided that you enroll at the time you open your first eligible personal checking account and satisfy the balance requirement at the end of at least one day within 30 days of opening that account.

You must have a qualifying balance of at least $20,000 for the Gold tier, $50,000 for the Platinum tier, $100,000 for the Platinum Honors tier, $1,000,000 for the Diamond tier and $10,000,000 for the Diamond Honors tier. Refer to your Personal Schedule of Fees for details on accounts that qualify towards the combined balance calculation and receive program benefits. Eligibility to enroll is generally available three or more business days after the end of the calendar month in which you satisfy the requirements. Benefits become effective within 30 days of your enrollment, or for new accounts within 30 days of account opening, unless we indicate otherwise. Certain benefits are also available without enrolling in Preferred Rewards if you satisfy balance and other requirements. For details on employee qualification requirements, please visit the Employee Financial Services intranet site.

Auto loan preferred interest rate discount of 0.25% to 0.50% is based on reward tier and valid only for enrolled Preferred Rewards members at the time of auto loan application who obtain a Bank of America auto purchase or refinance loan. The maximum preferred interest rate discount on a Bank of America auto loan is 0.50%. This preferred interest rate discount is not reflected in our published rates on our website but will be reflected in the interest rate quoted upon loan approval. Discounts are only available on auto loan applications submitted by you directly to Bank of America through its website, Financial Centers, or Bank call centers. Discounts are not available for motor vehicle leases or for applications sourced from car dealerships, car manufacturers, or third‑party branded/co‑branded relationships. Benefit is non‑transferable. Subject to credit approval. Standard underwriting guidelines and credit policies apply.

Credit and collateral are subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. This is not a commitment to lend. Programs, rates, terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.

Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation.

Please do not reply to this email, as email replies are not monitored.
Contact Us | Privacy | Security

This is a promotional email from Bank of America. Unsubscribe now to stop receiving promotional emails about products and services from Bank of America.

Bank of America, PO Box 25118, Tampa, FL 33622.
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender
©2022 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.

This email was sent to: