	

 
You have received a Vanilla® Gift Card

To: 
From: 
Happy birthday!
Vanilla Card
$100.00 Virtual Gift Card

View and Print This Card
Steps to shop online

(1)	Make sure the balance of the Vanilla Gift Card is more than the entire cost of the purchase, including taxes
Please note: some transaction types require a hold of up to 20% above the purchase amount. See your Cardholder Agreement for more information.
(2)	Select 'Credit' or 'Debit' as the Payment Method (Do not select 'Gift Card')
(3)	In the Payment Method section, enter the card information as you would a credit or debit card
(4)	In the Billing Address section, please fill in your name and address
If you have any additional questions or need assistance, please call us at 1-833-322-6760. 
View our Important Notice Concerning User Privacy.

 	
Vanilla Logo	
Facebook	Instagram	Pinterest
Terms and Conditions

Offers valid with promotion code at checkout until advertised expiration date. Offers cannot be combined. Offers are only valid on VanillaGift.com. Purchase Fees or Shipping Charges may apply subject to terms of the offer. Read specific offer for complete details. Please note that a promotion code provided in connection with a particular offer on VanillaGift.com is intended only for use by the recipient of the offer and is not valid on Gift Card purchases made through any third party sites.

Only credit, charge, and debit cards as well as fully registered and approved general purpose reloadable cards may be used to make purchases on the site. Single load cards (e.g. gift cards) may not be used. Gift Cards are not available for sale to VT or HI residents. Vanilla Gift does not accept payment methods with addresses from the states of VT or HI for Gift Cards. Vanilla Gift does not accept payment methods with addresses from the state of NM for orders equal to or greater than $1,000 within a 24-hour period for Gift Cards.

Vanilla Visa© Gift Card is issued by Sutton Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Cards may be used in the U.S. and District of Columbia everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. Terms and conditions apply. See Cardholder Agreement for details. Cards are distributed and serviced by InComm Financial Services, Inc., which is licensed as a Money Transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services. NMLS ID# 912772.

Colorado, Maryland, and Texas customers: View information about addressing complaints regarding our money services business.

Copyright © 2019 InComm. All Rights Reserved.

Sutton Privacy PolicyContact Customer CareCardholder AgreementTerms of Use
