
Kaiser Permanente
Person multitasking with open laptop, book, and notebooks
Learn the signs and symptoms of adult ADHD
Adult ADHD is a common health issue, but the signs and symptoms can be easy to miss. Read more
Granola bars with dried fruit
5 foods with a surprising amount of sugar
Learn how to read food labels and spot sneaky sources of sugar. Read more
Older person wearing sweater and looking out window 
Get the facts on seasonal depression
Do you have a hard time coping in the winter? This may be why. Read more
Bowl of crispy glazed Brussel sprouts
Recipe: Crispy glazed Brussels sprouts
These crispy Brussels sprouts are the perfect side dish. Read more
Get more from your Kaiser Permanente health plan  

Learn how to take full advantage of everything we offer — and get the most value from your health plan. Here’s a fresh look at what’s available to you as a Kaiser Permanente member. Read more.
Find Kaiser Permanente on Facebook	Find Kaiser Permanente on Pinterest	Follow Kaiser Permanente on Twitter	Kaiser Permanente on YouTube
Download the KP app for Apple or Android
  
Download the KP app on the App Store  
Get the KP app on Google Play
2020_Kaiser_Permanente_GlobeIcon.png Other Languages   Nondiscrimination Notice

This email is being sent to you as an essential communication from Kaiser Permanente. When accepting the Terms and Conditions, as part of kp.org registration, you agree to receive this type of communication.

To remove yourself from the email list, please go to unsubscribe.

To ensure that future announcements are delivered to your inbox (not your bulk folder), please add members@respond.kp.org to your address book.

Please do not reply to this message. Emails sent to this address are not monitored.

We welcome your feedback about your monthly e-newsletter. To suggest topics or send comments, click here.

Some services may not be available in all areas.

Apple, iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple, Inc. Android and Google Play are trademarks of Google, Inc.

Our website privacy statement.

Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Georgia, Inc.
Nine Piedmont Center
3495 Piedmont Road, NE
Atlanta, GA 30305-1736