Kickstarter
November Update
	
Posted by Remaker Labs
Nov 8, 2022

View on Kickstarter
	
For backers only
Hi everyone,
Thank you for your continued support and patience. We have been busy forwarding inventory to our warehouses and prepping rewards, and we have begin fulfilling to backers who contributed to additional collection this week, based on region. Please read below for the latest updates on Group 3 fulfillment: 
==

-COUNTRY/REGION: European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK), Australia (AU), Asia (China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore (ASIA)), and Rest of World (ROW)

-PLEDGE LEVELS: All

Goods have arrived to our China fulfillment center, and we’ve begun fulfilling backer rewards for those who contributed for increased production and shipping costs. The latest estimate from our warehouse is that we can fulfill these pledge rewards over the next 7-10 days. You will get an automated email from Shopify when the warehouse generates the shipping label for your shipment.

*Please note that regions not listed here, as well as certain Rest of World countries are being fulfilled from our US fulfillment center, and those regions and countries are listed in the section below.

===

-COUNTRY/REGION: India, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand (NZ), Norway, South America, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, and Turkey

-PLEDGE LEVELS:  All

+

-COUNTRY: United States (US) & Canada (CA)

-PLEDGE LEVELS: 1X Hitch, 1X Zero Waste Bundle, 2X Hitch, 2X Zero Waste Bundle

The ship arrived at the US port yesterday, and our freight forwarder has told us that goods should arrive at our US fulfillment center on November 10th. As we’re fulfilling during the holiday crunch, when every other company is inbounding at the same time, the latest estimate from our warehouse is that we can begin fulfilling rewards for those who contributed for increased production and shipping costs in the last week of November.

===

-COUNTRY: United States (US) & Canada (CA)

-PLEDGE LEVELS: 3X Hitch, 4X Hitch, 4X Zero Waste Bundle

Goods have arrived at our US fulfillment center, and we’ve begun fulfilling backer rewards for those who contributed for increased production and shipping costs. The latest estimate from our warehouse is that we can fulfill these pledge rewards over the next 7-10 days. You will get an automated email from Shopify when the warehouse generates the shipping label for your shipment.

---

IMPORTANT NOTES:
  -In all cases, after shipments are labeled at the fulfillment center, you will automatically receive an email from Shopify with your tracking number. Until then, we cannot provide tracking numbers.
  -These are the current estimates provided by our freight forwarders and warehouse partners, and we will update you if things change.

===

About Tracking Numbers:
 There are thousands and thousands of pieces of inventory being sent to our fulfillment centers or in place to be packaged, and then labeled.  You will receive your tracking number once they are ready for shipment from our regional fulfillment centers, based on your region listed above.

We’ve included the current estimates for this in our breakdown of regions above. You will get it via an automated email when the fulfillment center generates the shipping label for your shipment. Therefore, please do not email us asking what your tracking number is, or when you will get it, as we cannot provide this.

Your tracking number may take time to update with information. This is normal, and we cannot do anything about this stage of fulfillment. We are constantly checking in with our fulfillment center to ensure a quick and smooth flow of packages out their door.

About Delivery:
 Please ensure that you regularly check your tracking number. If the carrier has attempted delivery to your location already, please make sure you are able to be there for the next delivery attempt, or coordinate with the carrier to hold for pickup. If you do not do these steps and the shipment is not dealt with and is returned to us, we will not be able to fulfill your pledge rewards. We are not able to accommodate requests for specific last-mile carriers. Please do not email us requesting this. Our fulfillment partner chooses this based on the best volume rates, and it is not within our control.

===

It’s been a big push the last few weeks, and our team is excited for so many of you to soon be receiving your pledge rewards.

As always, we have a Q & A for the most common questions at the bottom of this update. 90% of all questions can be answered in our Q & A, so please read it carefully to answer common questions before reaching out directly. Our tiny team is working hard to get emails answered, but it is much faster to use the Q & A to answer common questions. Thank you!

Thank you,

The Hitch Team

===

Q & A
Please note that we are experiencing an influx in emails and at times are taking 3-4 business days to respond. We have an in-depth Q & A to answer as many questions as possible in order to get to the most urgent concerns. After you have read this Q & A, if you still have questions, you can email us at hello@carryhitch.com.

Q: Can I change my color?
 A: We locked color selection on BackerKit last year, and the factory purchased the specific quantities of each color according to what you chose at the end of the BackerKit survey process last year. We cannot make exceptions to this.

Q: Is my address updated?
 A: Please note, that as discussed in our previous update, Groups 3 addresses have been locked as the deadline has passed, as we needed to book freight. If you are in Group 3  and entered your new address in the secure Google Form before the deadline, your address has been updated. 

Q: I’m in Group 3 and authorized shipping collection. What happens now?
 A: Once your pledge rewards leave our fulfillment centers, you will get notified with a tracking number automatically via a Shopify email when they are ready to ship. Please read the updates above, and we kindly ask that you do not reach out to us for tracking numbers at this time, as we cannot provide them.

Q: Why is Hitch offered on your website or Hitch or elsewhere before we all receive our perk rewards?
As we’ve shared in our updates over the past 9 months, we’ve allocated a small number of units for our website and selected partners in order to support our small company to cover some operational costs and increased production costs, and continue to focus on the enormous number of backer rewards, which is a huge undertaking that takes time to completely produce and fulfill. While this is not the situation we’d hoped to be in, with the massive delays and production cost increases, it is necessary. Please refer to Kickstarter’s position on this as well for more information:
https://help.kickstarter.com/hc/en-us/articles/1260805483670-The-creator-is-offering-rewards-elsewhere-before-shipping-to-backers

Q: Why is the shipping rate to the US on your website less than you’re charging US backers?
 A: On our website, we are charging ~$10 for US shipping, and adjusted rates to five other countries. We are taking a loss on these shipping costs because our MSRP is $69, so we can absorb some of the difference in the gross margin of the product. For backers, there is no margin to absorb shipping costs, as discussed in our previous update.

Q: I'm in Group 3 backed the original pledge level of 3x Hitch, 4x Hitch, or the 4x Zero Waste bundle, and it promised free shipping. Will I have to pay additional shipping?
 A: For the small number of backers who contributed for the pledge reward of 3x Hitches, 4x Hitches, or the 4x Zero Waste Bundle, while we were able to absorb some of those shipping costs over the last 9 months, we are no longer able to absorb them, and need to collect the true cost of shipping and production.

Q: Can I get a refund?
 A: As stated above, we have placed purchase orders for backer pledge rewards. Because we have already paid to produce your unit, we cannot refund it. To take a look at the terms and conditions of a Kickstarter campaign, you can find those here. Please note that Kickstarter states the following regarding campaigns that are producing already: “Keep in mind, however, that if the funds have already gone towards producing or shipping rewards, then a refund may not be possible at this time.”

Q: Are all charges the same for everyone?
 A: No, each additional collection fee is based on the current fulfillment costs to deliver your pledge rewards in your pledge tier and where you live, as well as increased production costs, to be as accurate as possible. Please refer to our previous update for a breakdown of those costs.

Q: What goes into the additional cost?
 A: Our costs are calculated by including the current true cost to fulfill your unit based on current costs: freight forwarding costs, carrier shipping costs, fuel surcharges, fulfillment center costs (ongoing surcharges, packing fees, packaging, labeling, and transfer fees). Our team has sought out the most optimal freight routes to deliver products to you at the lowest cost. In addition, they include additional costs for production, based on material and manufacturing cost increases that are out of our control. Please refer to our previous update for a breakdown of those costs.

Q: Are additional payments for this allowed?
 A: In short, yes. Collecting additional costs is permitted and is not completely uncommon with campaigns who face higher shipping rates or other costs after their campaign ends, especially in the run-up of shipping costs in 2021. You can read more about this at this link.

Q: I backed the campaign, and then after the campaign ended, added an add-on via BackerKit, what shipping will I be paying for?
 A: For the small number of backers who added an additional item after the campaign via BackerKit, if it came with Free Shipping for that add-on, we will only charge you the shipping cost of your original pledge level.

Q: I thought we already paid our shipping fee?
  A: We collected shipping fees during the campaign in 2020 based on the cost to ship at the time. Some campaigns charge shipping right before they ship based on real-time shipping costs at the time of fulfillment, instead of a fixed amount right after the campaign. We do not have nearly $250,000 to cover additional shipping costs, as well as newly increased production costs, and we need backers to contribute to the additional cost of shipping and production for us to send you your pledge reward.

Q: What if I don’t contribute to the increased cost of shipping and production?
 A: While we would love to get you your pledge reward, we completely respect this choice. In this case, you will not receive the rewards that came with your pledge. We have already committed our funds to the factory via purchase order to produce units, and as discussed above, we are not in a position to absorb ~$250,000 in increased shipping costs, and much higher production costs.

Show support and stay involved—let Remaker Labs know you read this update.
 Like
or Comment
More from this creator
UPDATE #47	October Update (REVISED)
UPDATE #46	October Update

Recommended for you
Support another creative project today.
TapFresh: Turn Air into Pure Drinking Water
$123,424
pledged
 
248
backers
 
26
days left
TapFresh: Turn Air into Pure Drinking Water
Air-to-Water | 3-Level Air Purification | 3-Level Water Sterilization | 20L Per Day |Warm & Cold Water | Eco-friendly｜Smart Touch Panel

by TapFresh

BesoVida Translucent Edition | Food-Grade Silicone Utensil
$73,932
pledged
 
428
backers
 
2
days left
BesoVida Translucent Edition | Food-Grade Silicone Utensil
Heat-resistant, Microwavable, Recyclable & BPA/Toxin/Odor Free. Your safest & most convenient everyday cookware, tableware & drinkware!

by Besovida

EezyDry - Dry and sanitize your reusable bottles in minutes!
$59,788
pledged
 
586
backers
 
22
days left
EezyDry - Dry and sanitize your reusable bottles in minutes!
The fastest and most compact solution for drying and sanitizing bottles and other accessories

by Jonathan Traub

CXBER—Multi-function Coffee & Juice Maker
$15,730
pledged
 
122
backers
 
28
days left
CXBER—Multi-function Coffee & Juice Maker
All-in-one machine with coffee bean grinding, coffee brewing, juice extraction, and crushed ice functions.

by CXBER

View more
Don't want to receive updates from this project? That's okay, you can unsubscribe.
Manage your notification settings
Instagram	Facebook	Twitter
Kickstarter, PBC · 228 Park Ave S PMB 59430, New York New York 10003-1502
Contact us
Kickstarter Terms of Use